chore: Upgrade Docusaurus to 3.7.x (#52636)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/release_notes/june_2024.md

## ✨ Highlights

> Airbyte added [Refresh](/operator-guides/workload-scheduling) support for our BigQuery destination, which brings an improved experience to resyncing all of your data again. This enables data to never be deleted from final tables during a historical resyncing of data. More certified destinations will support Refresh in the coming weeks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airbyte added [Refresh](/operator-guides/refreshes) support for our BigQuery destination, which brings an improved experience to resyncing all of your data again. This enables data to never be deleted from final tables during a historical resyncing of data. More certified destinations will support Refresh in the coming weeks. 
```
